Actions: move Gardening action into its own external project (#19239)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/github-actions/repo-gardening/README.md

- Assign Issues (`assignIssues`): Adds assignee for issues which are being worked on, and adds the "In Progress" label.
- Add Milestone (`addMilestone`): Adds a valid milestone to all PRs that get merged and don't already include a milestone.
- Check Description (`checkDescription`): Checks the contents of a PR description, and ensure it matches our recommendations.
- Add Labels (`addLabels`): Adds labels to PRs that touch specific features.
- Clean Labels (`cleanLabels`): Removes Status labels once a PR has been merged.
- WordPress.com Commit Reminder (`wpcomCommitReminder`): Posts a comment on merged PRs to remind Automatticians to commit the matching WordPress.com change.
- Notify Design (`notifyDesign`): Sends a Slack Notification to the Design team to request feedback, based on labels applied to a PR.

Some of the tasks are may not satisfy your needs. If that's the case, you can use the `tasks` option to limit the action to the list of tasks you need in your repo. See the example below to find out more.

## Usage

### Example

In the example below, we'll set up the action to run 2 tasks (`cleanLabels` and `notifyDesign`):

```yml

> name: Clean Labels and notify design

Reviewer: If someone actually uses this, the resulting name in the GH UI will be "Clean Labels and notify design / Clean up labels, and notify Design when necessary". I wonder if we should change the workflow name to just "Repo Gardening" or something like that that people could more sensibly add things to.
```suggestion
name: Repo Gardening
```

  # where notifying the Design team or cleaning labels may be necessary.
  # Refer to src/index.js to see a list of all events each task needs to be listen to.
  pull_request:
    types: ['closed', 'labeled']

jobs:
  repo-gardening:
    name: 'Clean up labels, and notify Design when necessary'
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    timeout-minutes: 10  # 2021-03-12: Successful runs seem to take a few seconds, but can sometimes take a lot longer since we wait for previous runs to complete.

    steps:
     - name: Checkout
       uses: actions/checkout@v2

     - name: Setup Node
       uses: actions/setup-node@v2
        with:
          node-version: 12

     - name: Wait for prior instances of the workflow to finish
       uses: softprops/turnstyle@v1
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

     - name: 'Run gardening action'
       uses: automattic/action-repo-gardening@v1
       with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          slack_token: ${{ secrets.SLACK_TOKEN }}
          slack_design_channel: ${{ secrets.SLACK_DESIGN_CHANNEL }}
          tasks: 'cleanLabels,notifyDesign'
```

### Inputs

The action relies on 4 parameters. 

> - `GITHUB_TOKEN` is automatically created by GitHub to be used by the action. You do not have to deal with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `github_token` is a GitHub Access Token used to access GitHub's API. The user account associated with the token is the one that will be seen as posting the checkDescription comment, adding and removing labels, and so on. If omitted, the standard token for the github-actions bot will be used.
```
If you want that "If omitted, the standard token for the github-actions bot will be used." bit at the end to be true, change line 7 in action.yml to
```
    default: ${{ github.token }}
```
(unfortunately GH won't let me make that a suggestion)

Author: I like this. I committed the other change in f6075d9b4d7bd9227071452f43fbd881932b17a7.

> - `tasks` is an optional parameter you can specify when setting up the action. It allows you to run selected tasks instead of the full suite. You can find the list of the different tasks (and what event it's attached to) in `src/index.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tasks` allows for running selected tasks instead of the full suite. The value is a comma-separated list of task identifiers. You can find the list of the different tasks (and what event it's attached to) in `src/index.js`.
```

> 
> The last 2 parameters are stored as [secrets in your GitHub repository](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository):
> 
> 
> - `SLACK_TOKEN` is the Auth token of a bot that is installed on your Slack workspace.
> - `SLACK_DESIGN_CHANNEL` is the public channel's ID where you'll want messages to be posted for your design team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `slack_token` is the Auth token of a bot that is installed on your Slack workspace. The token should be stored in a [secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository).
- `slack_design_channel` is the Slack public channel ID where messages for the design team will be posted. Again, the value should be stored in a secret.
```
